everybody welcome to another exciting
episode of the movieclips instant
trailer review show I'm Jimmy and I'm
jus so hot off the heels of a big big
gaming release grand theft auto 5 is out
you've been playing it a lot losing a
lot of sleep that's why I'm in woody I'm
just like shivering because i have no
you know fluids left in my system yeah
but we have another staple in the video
game world coming to film we're gonna
see if it can make its mark need for
speed which is a video game series
that's been going on for almost 20 years
now yeah and so every year we get a new
need for speed last year we had most
wanted which I thought was an excellent
game and yeah it's this isn't based on
any one particular game because they
weren't necessarily the most plot-driven
of gaming experiences but it's based on
that ideas using that IP let's see what
they've made a bit know many of you
might say right off the bat oh wait a
second how can you make a good movie off
of a racing video game all you're doing
is going around a circuit that's where
you're wrong need for speed is more of
what you'd call an arcade racer as
opposed to like a sim racer so with
arcade racers they take liberties with
with physics and speed and you know just
all sorts of the laws of gravity in the
world which really makes it a lot more I
think engaging than some of the more
cut-and-dry games i'm a huge fan of Gran
Turismo but i also love Need for Speed
just because of the way that it treats
the cars sure so yeah and I think that
this I have to say I think that this
trailer does a great job of capturing
that sort of frenetic intensity and the
arcade feel but yeah
definitely not a faster fury right
so--okay so so right off the bat these
first two cars were saying uh the one on
the left your ear cargo I have a huge
car so yeah you can help us out naming
all these so this car on the left is a
Bugatti Veyron it's painted to look like
a super sport but the top of it is not
right so but I can tell you right now if
you are a car person do not worry none
of the cars that were used in this movie
were injured in any way they're all
fiberglass copies but I don't really
care because I'm glad to see that these
cars are you know getting their big
screen debuts but yeah this the verra if
it was because if it was real this car I
think there's like 40 of them or
something 25 and they start at two
million okay so it's a lot but i love i
love the cat the cast of cars on this
movie already has been really exciting
and there of course is Aaron Paul he's
our antihero some breaking bad hot off
the heels of Breaking Bad yeah and I and
I don't think the release of this
trailer was any accident that they're
doing it oh yeah we all die Natalie so
great so let me just let me just talk
about a couple more vehicles really
quickly and shiranna so we'll be there
will be some the last time haha so this
right here on the left is gonna be a
Lamborghini I'm gonna stink it's a sesto
elemento I'm not one hundred percent
certain but that's what it looks like
followed by a saleen s7 that's like a
two thousand one that was that car was
notably in uh Jim Carrey's movie where
he's grease god ok the what is it called
yeah Bruce all night Bruce Almighty
parts the cars ok is that the one that
gives everyone a down the same car no
it's the car he just drives really fast
ok God so on the right here is the brand
new McLaren p1 which is like the halo
car from McLaren look followed by what
appears to be a noble of some sort
yellow and the red car in the back is a
Koenigsegg CCX or ccr and that is also
about a million plus
crazy crazy hypercars so that's what I
love about this movie and what I love
about the need for speed game is it
really they know how to go after like
the halo cars and get people excited
about the cars to learn is our hero
Mustang a lot of fancy cinematography
and this is a film by Scott wah or weigh
heavily on walk walk but uh his his
first feature film to my knowledge was
active valor and then we see Dominic
yeah who I love I think he's great I'm
excited to see him I'm excited to see
him it's really just cuz i really just
started popping up here a problem out
there I've been really enjoying him yeah
the cast already has an excitable the
Kansas air it's a good pal yeah it's a
good cast and i gotta i agree with you i
think it could not be better time I
wouldn't be surprised if there's a TV
spot for this that plays door that
finale absolutely just to say oh what's
that you're sad not to see her and Paul
well guess what you're gonna get it
right yeah
a lot of dry yeah this that secretly
like ticular reminds me of dry bar flip
is nuts yeah it's beautiful but it's
it's very reminiscent of that Nicholas
winning roughen film 2011 so you can see
like the insane speed yeah and the cop
chases that are iconic for the game
series our tour is going to be here
but you never got out of your car need
for speed games so but like I have to
say like dude these three shots I gotta
watch again yeah let's these are just do
that
really amazing yeah and one of the
things that I always complain about with
car movies like fast six really kind of
let me down in a lot of ways because on
the one hand one things i love about
Fast Five is the way that the action was
cut up and everything felt really great
the car chases were amazing but infests
or Fast Five in fast six I never really
got a sense of speed all right that's
something that I always kind of go back
to like Tron for me was such a letdown
just because of the sense of speed I
know it's like totally off topic on
legacy Tron Legacy makan legacy was like
the light cycles yeah felt very slow to
me okay or like there's another trailer
Chris's it did first is like the teaser
that they've done it's like you felt
like when this thing passed you like you
felt like your body shape because it
just got it like reverberating looks
like the energy that you're going
through this feels that way I mean like
the way that these cars are going by is
just insane and this this huge drift is
just awesome yeah it's just the director
actually used to do stunts um everything
from like last of the mohicans that is
said that it's like a classic Need for
Speed shot you're in a chase or somebody
and just you know yeah it's very very
awesome was she running with a cast
oh and can you go back to that image
this is something that aaron paul is
becoming very known for is his ability
to scream out and just the veins that
pop out of his face and a jock that is
basically what he does best so so yeah
they're putting that right in the
trailer they know I was exposed waiting
for some kind of like you know stinger
at the end of just like you know an epic
piece of action but uh huh didn't get
that but you know I have to say all in
all from action movie car movie
perspective I'm just I'm happy with it I
gotta say yeah hey maybe it's not it's
not gonna be cinematic gold but I mean
look the the if you if you look at I
think if you look at the movie like you
look at the games the games are almost
like you know not throw aways but
they're just very vanilla they come out
constantly sure and if this movie is
just you know good enough like there's
enough story there to just keep you
watching and I think there's nothing
wrong with it because I think it's a
good car movie and I don't think there's
been that many good pure car movies yeah
and it's taking itself very seriously
which I'm okay with I can get on board
with something like that and even though
it's yeah based off of a video game of
all things I think it's gonna be a lot
of fun and it's a beautiful trailer
because it's set to that max Richter
score which is really powerful it's a
beautiful trailer yeah got it it's got a
not bad cast at all and the cars look
great the action feels real it's gonna
be you know I'm like look we could spit
ball here and probably figure out yeah I
mean he recently got out of jail and
he's trying to get revenge on those who
wronged him about it there you go in the
first place I think that's yeah
something crime there's gonna be some
kind of romance love triangle somebody's
gonna die that he cares about you're
gonna get vengeance in the end and a lot
of shits gonna explode and it's just you
know it's gonna be it's just gonna be
balls to the walls car chases explosions
I don't think it's gonna be as much
about like the women like fat like I
feel like you know the facts
is always felt like you know kind of
show shots of girls like the tuner car
scene and they're like you know and
they're their bikinis yeah this is like
much more like this guy is just trying
to like you know I think right the
wrongs that were done against them so
that's that's a good point the only two
women we see in this trailer one appears
to be dead or unconscious as he's
carrying her and the other one is
running through a hallway so yeah it's
it's not going off that in yeah so I
think this one has a lot more value and
there you know merit and in terms of
like its its story so I'm excited who
knows this could be the first good video
game movie it really it actually could I
think Andrew was saying the other day
that no video game movie has gotten
better than like a 45 yeah 34 I think
it's yet final fantasy yes with final
fantasy is fierce offend is the mark to
be at this moment at this point so but
look as far as I'm concerned as long as
it beats it's better than red line or
you know to Johnson is a girly girl
sugars castle fifty shades Oh Dakota
Johnson okay um who's cast and fifty
shades is the wake hahahaha I I mean
like as long as it's better than red
line are like fast and furious 23 I
think I think I think that are totally
good yeah totally good yeah so so let's
look for that in March can't make sure I
really can't wait I'm gonna be honest
with you guys famsa it isn't Severson I
know I thought you I thought he stopped
recording no but I really can't wait to
see it I will probably see it in the
theater probably i'm saying that if i
can drag my fiance to go so i'll
definitely see them to think okay very
got me and Jess are gonna have a nice
and eight and four movie clips instant
trailer view I'm Jimmy I'm Jas so please
subscribe less than what you think of
the trailer in the comments below and
thanks for watching
t